feat: syntax highlighting using YAML (#130)
yseop/vscode-yseopml: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

## How to update syntax highlighting

> In order to update the syntax highlighting, you must edit `syntaxes/yml.tmLanguage.YAML-tmLanguage` using http://manual.macromates.com/en/language_grammars#language_grammars[the TextMate manual] as reference. Then you need to convert this file into JSON and replace the content of `syntaxes/yml.tmLanguage.json` which is the file used by the extention for syntax highlighting.

Reviewer: How is the conversion into JSON to be performed?

Author: It's indicated [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/language-extensions/syntax-highlight-guide#using-yaml-to-write-a-grammar)

Reviewer: Then say it xD + “extention” → “extension”

```suggestion
In order to update the syntax highlighting, you must edit `syntaxes/yml.tmLanguage.YAML-tmLanguage` using http://manual.macromates.com/en/language_grammars#language_grammars[the TextMate manual] as reference. Then you need to convert this file into JSON https://code.visualstudio.com/api/language-extensions/syntax-highlight-guide#using-yaml-to-write-a-grammar[as indicated here] and replace the content of `syntaxes/yml.tmLanguage.json` which is the file used by the extension for syntax highlighting.
```

The format used throughout this manual is slightly different from the one we are using{nbsp}(JSON). It is, however, easy to understand how to adapt examples.

> NOTE: We use YAML format to develop the syntax highlighting because YAML _allows comments_ in the code and regexp edition is way easier than in JSON because we don't need too much character escape. For more information, check https://code.visualstudio.com/api/language-extensions/syntax-highlight-guide#using-yaml-to-write-a-grammar[the VSCode extension manual] about using YAML to write a grammar.

Reviewer: The combo of “because”-s makes me want a list very badly.

```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
We use YAML format to develop the syntax highlighting because YAML:

* allows comments in the code;
* makes regular expression edition way easier because we don't need to escape many characters.

For more information, check https://code.visualstudio.com/api/language-extensions/syntax-highlight-guide#using-yaml-to-write-a-grammar[the VS Code extension manual] about using YAML to write a grammar.
====
```
